Update gRPC deffinition (#1368)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/109-apis/103-grpc.md

# gRPC

gRPC is a high-performance, open source universal RPC framework

> RPC stands for Remote Procedure Call, there's ongoing dabate on what the g stands for. RPC is a protocol that allows a program to execute a procedure of another program located in another computer. The great advantage is that the developer doesn’t need to code the details of the remote interaction. The remote procedure is called like any other function. But the client and the server can be coded in different languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

RPC stands for Remote Procedure Call, there's an ongoing debate on what the g stands for. RPC is a protocol that allows a program to execute a procedure of another program located on another computer. The great advantage is that the developer doesn’t need to code the details of the remote interaction. The remote procedure is called like any other function. But the client and the server can be coded in different languages.
```
